debugPrintLog = false
debugLogTracking = false
debugLogKeyframes = false
debugLogPixelDetection = false
debugLogCandidatesTracking = false
debugLogCandidatesOpt = false
debugLogDistanceMap = false
debugLogActivePoints = false

debugCandidates = false

debugShowTrackResult = false
debugShowTrackError = false
debugShowTrackWeights = false
debugShowTrackLight = false
debugShowTrackDistribution = false

debugShowPointDetection = false

debugShowDistanceTransformBefore = false
debugShowDistanceTransformAfter = false

debugShowOptKeyframes = false

debugShowOptError = false
debugShowOptWeight = false
debugShowOptLight = false
debugShowOptErrorDist = false
debugShowOptErrorDistLast = false

depthMapsDir = ./DepthMaps
saveDepthMaps = false

optErrorDistDir = ./ErrorDistribution
saveOptErrorDist = false

blockUntilMapped = true
singleThreaded = false
mappingThreads = 6

minimizeMemory = false

useFixedHuberScale = false
huberScale = 9

useTDistribution = true
nuFixed = -1
muFixed = 0
sigmaFixed = -1

defaultNu = 5
defaultMu = 0
defaultSigma = 7.5

inlierPercentile = 0.95
maxPixelOutlier = 0.3
maxPixelDiscard = 0.6

maxEnergyFit = 60

weightConstant = 2500

trackingMaxLevel = 3

pointDetectionLevels = 2
numCandidates = 1500
numBlocksPerDimension = 20
minGradAdd = 7

maxUnmappedFrames = 3

maxEplLengthFactor = 0.0375			
minEplLengthSkip = 1.5
stereoMaxEnergy = 20
secondBestRadius = 2.0
epiLineSigma = 0.25			
subpixelIterations = 3
subpixelStepThreshold = 0.1

maxViewChange = 0.5

candidateOptIterations = 3
minDistToActivate = 5
maxCandidateUncertainty = 2
minCandidateQuality = 2

doOnlyTemporalOpt = false
printSummary = true
showFullReport = false
minOptimizationGrad = 2
minBAIterations = 1
maxBAIterations = 100
optMaxLevel = 2				

numActivePoints = 1500

maxTemporalKeyframes = 5
maxCovisibleKeyframes = 3
numAlwaysKeepKeyframes = 3

minPointCovisible = 0.05
maxLightCovisible = 0.7

minNumKFToConsiderNew = 2
minNumGoodObservations = 3

newKFDistWeight = 4
newKFUsageWeight = 3
newKFAffineWeight = 4
newKFResidualWeight = 2
minNumMappedFramesToCreateKF = 1

showDepthMap = true
showDepthMapLvl = 0